README.md, before:

# AgileForge Enterprise (Full-stack Monorepo)

## Prerequisites
- Node.js 20+
- PostgreSQL 15+
- pnpm / npm / yarn (choose one)

## Setup

```bash
git clone <repo>
cd agileforge-enterprise-full

# Backend
cd backend
cp .env.example .env  # set DATABASE_URL & JWT_SECRET
pnpm install
pnpm prisma:migrate
pnpm dev
```

```bash
# Frontend (new terminal)
cd frontend
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

Visit <http://localhost:5173>

## Tech stack
| Layer | Tech |
|-------|------|
| Front-end | Vite + React + TypeScript + Zustand + TanStack Query |
| Back-end | Fastify + Prisma + PostgreSQL + JWT |
| Auth | fastify-jwt (Bearer) |
| Styling | CSS design tokens (light/dark) |
| Charts | Chart.js via react-chartjs-2 |
| State Mgmt | Zustand |
| Data fetching | TanStack React Query |

### Development scripts
| Command | Desc |
|---------|------|
| `pnpm dev` | hot‑reload |
| `pnpm build` | prod build |
| `pnpm prisma:migrate` | apply DB migrations |

## Running tests

Install all workspace dependencies from the repository root:

```bash
npm install
```

Then execute:

```bash
npm test
```


---

> _This repository is a production‑ready foundation covering all CRUD artefacts (Projects, Epics, Stories, Tasks, Sprints, Initiatives, Risks, OKRs) with JWT auth, full Prisma models, and modular front‑end. Extend as needed._
# AGF

Commit message:

feat: add Render deployment config

README.md, after:

# AgileForge Enterprise (Full-stack Monorepo)

## Prerequisites
- Node.js 20+
- PostgreSQL 15+
- pnpm / npm / yarn (choose one)

## Setup

```bash
git clone <repo>
cd agileforge-enterprise-full

# Backend
cd backend
cp .env.example .env  # set DATABASE_URL & JWT_SECRET
pnpm install
pnpm prisma:migrate
pnpm dev
```

```bash
# Frontend (new terminal)
cd frontend
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

Visit <http://localhost:5173>

## Tech stack
| Layer | Tech |
|-------|------|
| Front-end | Vite + React + TypeScript + Zustand + TanStack Query |
| Back-end | Fastify + Prisma + PostgreSQL + JWT |
| Auth | fastify-jwt (Bearer) |
| Styling | CSS design tokens (light/dark) |
| Charts | Chart.js via react-chartjs-2 |
| State Mgmt | Zustand |
| Data fetching | TanStack React Query |

### Development scripts
| Command | Desc |
|---------|------|
| `pnpm dev` | hot‑reload |
| `pnpm build` | prod build |
| `pnpm prisma:migrate` | apply DB migrations |

## Running tests

Install all workspace dependencies from the repository root:

```bash
npm install
```

Then execute:

```bash
npm test
```

## Deployment on Render

1. [Create a free account](https://render.com/) and connect your repository.
2. Add a **PostgreSQL** database named `agileforge-db`.
3. Create a **Web Service** using the included `render.yaml`.
4. Set the `JWT_SECRET`, `OPENAI_API_KEY`, and `ANTHROPIC_API_KEY` environment variables in the Render dashboard.
5. Deploy the service. Render will install dependencies, build the backend and start the server.


---

> _This repository is a production‑ready foundation covering all CRUD artefacts (Projects, Epics, Stories, Tasks, Sprints, Initiatives, Risks, OKRs) with JWT auth, full Prisma models, and modular front‑end. Extend as needed._
# AGF
